=FarmToTable

http://farm-to-table.herokuapp.com/

FarmToTable is a web application that connects farms with restaurants and other organizations that want to buy local produce.  It is the final project I completed as a student at General Assembly's Web Development Immersive Program.

Sign in as <b>farm@example.com (password: 'password')</b> to view an example of a farm populated with data, <b>restaurant@example.com (password: 'password')</b> to view an example of a restaurant, or feel free to create your own account!

==Farms:

* Sign up with some information about your business and the days and hours you plan to be available for organizations to come pick up orders directly to your farm.
* Create, view, and edit all the products your farm grows/sells.  Optionally specify a default price and unit at which the product is most often sold.
* Put your products on the market by creating new postings.  Specify a unit, a price per unit, a starting date, and an expiration date past which the posting is no longer seen on the market.  If you specify a default price and unit on your product, those fields will be automatically filled in for you.  Otherwise, they will default to the price and unit for your most recent posting on that product.
* View your incoming orders, grouped by date and by the organization coming to pick the items up from you.  Work the payment out directly between you and the organization- we take no cut!

==Organizations:

* View product listings from farms in your area.  Specify the quantity you want to order, the date you plan to pick up your order, and add it to your cart!  You can edit and remove items from your cart up until your order is placed.
* Click 'Current Order' to review your order and place it.  You cannot edit your order once it is placed.
* View active orders by grouped by either the date you are going to pick up products or by the orders themselves.  Both views are grouped secondarily by the farm from which the order was placed.
* Go back in time and view past orders to recall past favorite items or work out any payment disputes.
